visualisator/README.md, before:

# Visualisator

## JOSM

[Download](https://josm.openstreetmap.de/wiki/Download) the last version of JOSM, launch it and just open the osm.pbf you want to explore.

That's it.

Due to large file, you could be oblige to increase -Xmx as explain in the link above.

## Pbf2Api

### Build

```bash
docker build -t ignishky/fma_pbf2api ./pbf2api 
```

### Run

Mandatory : a data generation must have been done.

```bash
docker run --rm -v /path/to/splitter/directory:/splitter -p 9090:9090 -t ignishky/fma_pbf2api /splitter
```
## iDeditor

### Download
```bash
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/openstreetmap/iD.git
cd iD
```

### Redirect

iD get details from a server, by default an OSM one, we need to use a custom one that is couple with our own data.

That's the goal of Pbf2APi.

All we need to change is the value of the properties `urlroot` in the file `modules/services/osm.js` to our Pbf2Api server to `http://localhost:9090`.

### Run 
```bash
npm install
npm run all
npm start
```
http://localhost:8080

Commit message:

[FIX] Correctly check list arguments and clean some code.

visualisator/README.md, after:

# Visualisator

## JOSM

[Download](https://josm.openstreetmap.de/wiki/Download) the last version of JOSM, launch it and just open the osm.pbf you want to explore.

That's it.

Due to large file, you could be oblige to increase -Xmx as explain in the link above.

## Pbf2Api

### Build

```bash
docker build -t ignishky/fma_pbf2api ./pbf2api 
```

### Run

Mandatory : a data generation must have been done.

```bash
docker run --rm -v /path/to/splitter/directory:/splitter -p 9090:9090 -t ignishky/fma_pbf2api /splitter
```
To verify that the server is correctly running, the next command should return a XML.
```bash
curl http://localhost:9090/api/capabilities
```

## iDeditor

### Download
```bash
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/openstreetmap/iD.git
cd iD
```

### Redirect

iD get details from a server, by default an OSM one, we need to use a custom one that is couple with our own data.

That's the goal of Pbf2APi.

All we need to change is the value of the properties `urlroot` in the file `modules/services/osm.js` to our Pbf2Api server to `http://localhost:9090`.

### Run 
```bash
npm install
npm run all
npm start
```
http://localhost:8080
